add parts of production docs (#109)
denoland/saaskit: README.md

## Deploying to Production

This section assumes that a
[local development environment](#getting-started-locally) has been set up.

### Database (Supabase)

We'll use the Supabase CLI to migrate your local database to Supabase's remote
production servers.

1. Login with the Supabase CLI

```sh
supabase login
```

2. Run the Supabase link command to setup a local-remote project link

- Get project-ref from the last part of the Supabase SaaSKit project URL:

>   https://app.supabase.com/project/{{ saaskit project-ref }}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `https://app.supabase.com/project/{{ saaskit project-ref }}`
```

- Run `supabase link`:

```sh
supabase link --project-ref {{ supabase project ref }}
```

3. Run `supabase db push` to push the migration SQL (found in
   `supabase/migrations`) to your remote Supabase account.

```sh

> supabase db push -p {{ supabase project pwd }}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
supabase db push
```
Again, I believe `supabase login` automatically processes the password, so there's no need to define it explicitly.

```

> The database tables should now be in your remote Supabase project with access
> policies configured. The policies restrict each user to only create, read,
> update, and delete their own data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The database tables should now be in your remote Supabase project with [Row-Level Security policies configured](https://supabase.com/docs/guides/auth/row-level-security).
```
The last sentence is no longer valid since moving to Deno Hunt. Either way, it's too specific and can be removed.

### Authentication (Supabase)

These steps enable using email with Supabase Auth.

In your [Supabase dashboard](https://app.supabase.com/projects):

1. Go to your project
2. Go to `Authentication` > `Providers` > click `Email`
3. Disable `Confirm email`

> **Supabase Production Environmental Variables**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Supabase Production Environmental Variables
```

> - `SERVICE_ROLE_KEY`: Dashboard Home -> Settings -> API -> API Settings/Project
>   API Keys -> service_role secret
> - `SUPABASE_ANON_KEY`: Dashboard Home -> Settings -> API -> API Settings/Project
>   API Keys -> anon public
> - `SUPABASE_API_URL`: Dashboard Home -> Settings -> API Settings/Project URL ->
>   URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following can be found in Dashboard Home -> Settings -> API -> API Settings/Project
  API Keys
- `SERVICE_ROLE_KEY` under `service_role secret`
- `SUPABASE_ANON_KEY` under `anon public`
- `SUPABASE_API_URL` under `URL`
```

Reviewer 2: Fixed in 87a9486

### Payments (Stripe)

In order to use Stripe in production, you'll have to
[activate your Stripe account](https://stripe.com/docs/account/activate).

Once your Stripe account is activated, simply grab the production version of the
Stripe Secret Key. That will be the value of `STRIPE_SECRET_KEY` in prod.

> ## Automate Stripe Subscription Updates via Webhooks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Automate Stripe Subscription Updates via Webhooks
```

Reviewer 2: Fixed in 87a9486

## Deploying to Production

This section assumes that a
[local development environment](#getting-started-locally) has been set up.

### Database (Supabase)

We'll use the Supabase CLI to create and configure these SaaSKit application

> tables:

Reviewer 2: Fixed in 07681c2

- `todos`
- `customers`

> 

Reviewer 2: Fixed in 07681c2

**Using Supabase link & push commands to migrate your local database to the

> remote server**

Reviewer 2: Fixed in 07681c21

1. Login with the Supabase CLI

```sh
supabase login
```

2. Run the Supabase link command to setup a local-remote project link

- Generate SUPABASE_ACCESS_TOKEN by going to
  https://app.supabase.com/account/tokens

- Get project-ref from the last part of the Supabase SaaSKit project URL:
  https://app.supabase.com/project/{{ saaskit project-ref }}

- Run the `supabase link` command with SUPABASE_ACCESS_TOKEN set on the command

>   line:

Reviewer 2: Fixed in 07681c2

```sh
SUPABASE_ACCESS_TOKEN={{ supabase access token }} supabase link -p {{ supabase project pwd }} --project-ref {{ supabase project ref }}
# Command output:
# Finished supabase link.

> ```

Reviewer 2: Fixed in 07681c21

- Configure the following columns:

| Name      | Type   | Default value        | Primary |
| --------- | ------ | -------------------- | ------- |
| `id`      | `uuid` | `uuid_generate_v4()` | `true`  |
| `name`    | `text` | `NULL`               | `false` |
| `user_id` | `uuid` | `auth.uid()`         | `false` |

- Click the link symbol next to the `user_id` column name. Then, select schema
  `auth`, table `users`, and column `id`. Now the `user_id` will link back to a
  user object in Supabase Auth.

#### Setup the `customers` table

- Go to `Database` > `Tables`
- Click `New Table`
- Enter the name as `customers` and check `Enable Row Level Security (RLS)`
- Configure the following columns:

| Name                 | Type   | Default value | Primary |
| -------------------- | ------ | ------------- | ------- |
| `user_id`            | `uuid` | `auth.uid()`  | `true`  |
| `stripe_customer_id` | `text` | `NULL`        | `false` |
| `is_subscribed`      | `bool` | `false`       | `false` |

- Click the link symbol next to the `user_id` column name. Then, select schema
  `auth`, table `users`, and column `id`. Now the `user_id` will link back to a

>   user object in Supabase Auth.

Reviewer 2: I figured out how to use the `supabase link` and `supabase push` command to update the remote Supabase project from the local migration files and will push a commit with this documentation change shortly. Thanks for pointing this out.

### Authentication (Supabase)

In your [Supabase dashboard](https://app.supabase.com/projects):

1. Go to your project
2. Go to `Authentication` > `Providers` > click `Email`
3. Disable `Confirm email`
4. Back on the left-hand bar, click on `Policies`
5. Click `New Policy` on the `customers` table pane and then
   `Create a policy from scratch`
6. Enter the policy name as `Enable all operations for users based on user_id`
7. For `Allowed operation`, select `All`
8. For `Target Roles` select `authenticated`
9. Enter the `USING expression` as `(auth.uid() = user_id)`
10. Enter the `WITH CHECK expression` as `(auth.uid() = user_id)`
11. Click `Review` then `Save policy`

> 12. Repeat steps 5 to 11 for the `todos` table pane

Reviewer: `supabase db push` takes care of this, too, so these lines aren't needed. Disabling confirm email part should stay, though.

Reviewer 2: See [my previous comment](https://github.com/denoland/saaskit/pull/109#discussion_r1174601355)

These steps enable using email with Supabase Auth and provide a simple
authentication strategy restricting each user to only create, read, update, and
delete their own data.

### Payments (Stripe)

In order to use Stripe in production, you'll have to
[activate your Stripe account](https://stripe.com/docs/account/activate).

Once your Stripe account is activated, simply grab the production version of the
Stripe Secret Key. That will be the value of `STRIPE_SECRET_KEY` in prod.

> #### Automate Stripe subscription updates via Supabase

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Automate Stripe Subscription Updates via Webhooks
```

2. Go to `Authentication` > `Providers` > click `Email`
3. Disable `Confirm email`

**Supabase Production Environmental Variables**

> - SERVICE_ROLE_KEY: Dashboard Home -> Settings -> API -> API Settings/Project

Reviewer 2: Fixed in 07681c2

as the user will be taken to Stripe's checkout page when they upgrade to a
subscription.

## Using Docker to Deploy to any VPS

[Docker](https://docker.com) makes it easy to deploy and run your Deno app to
any virtual private server (VPS). This section will show you how to do that with
AWS Lightsail and Digital Ocean.

### Setting up Docker

[Install Docker](https://docker.com) on your machine, which should also install
[the `docker` CLI](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/cli/).

Create an account on [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com), a registry for Docker
container images.

Create a `Dockerfile` in the root of your repo:

```docker
FROM denoland/deno:1.32.4

EXPOSE 8000

WORKDIR /app

ADD . /app

# Add dependencies to the container's Deno cache
RUN deno cache main.ts --import-map=import_map.json
CMD ["run", "--allow-run", "--allow-write", "--allow-read", "--allow-env", "--allow-net", "main.ts"]
```

Create a `.dockerignore` file in the root folder of your repo to make sure
certain files are not deployed to the docker container:

```
README.md
.example.env
.vscode/
.github/
```

A `docker-compose.yml` file will be needed to run the docker file on a VPS.

> Here’s what that file -- in your repo's root folder -- will look like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here’s what that file in your repo's root folder will look like:
```

Reviewer 2: Fixed in 87a9486

- Listen to `Events on your account`
- Select `customer.subscription.created` and `customer.subscription.deleted`

> **Customer Portal Branding**

Reviewer 2: Fixed in 07681c2

- Listen to `Events on your account`
- Select `customer.subscription.created` and `customer.subscription.deleted`

#### Customer Portal Branding

[Set up your branding on Stripe](https://dashboard.stripe.com/settings/branding),
as the user will be taken to Stripe's checkout page when they upgrade.

### Deployment Options

#### Deno Deploy

These steps show you how to deploy your SaaS app close to your users at the edge
with [Deno Deploy](https://deno.com/deploy).

> 1. Create a GitHub repository for your SaaSKit project.

Reviewer: Do you mean clone this GitHub repository?

`YOUR_DENO_DEPLOY_PROJECT_NAME` with one that you've set in Deno Deploy.

```yml
# Deploy this project to Deno Deploy
name: Deploy
on: [push]

jobs:
  deploy:
    name: Deploy
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    permissions:
      id-token: write  # Needed for auth with Deno Deploy
      contents: read  # Needed to clone the repository

    steps:
      - name: Clone repository
        uses: actions/checkout@v3

      - name: Install Deno
        uses: denoland/setup-deno@main
        # If you need to install a specific Deno version	
        # with:
        #   deno-version: 1.32.4

## You would put your building, linting, testing and other CI/CD steps here

## FInally, deploy 
      - name: Upload to Deno Deploy
        uses: denoland/deployctl@v1
        with:
          project: YOUR_DENO_DEPLOY_PROJECT_NAME
          entrypoint: main.ts
          # root: dist
          import-map: import_map.json
          exclude: .git/** .gitignore .vscode/** .github/** README.md .env .example.env
```

3. Commit and push your code to GitHub. This should trigger the GitHub Action.
   When the action successfully completes, your app should be available on Deno

>    Deploy.

Reviewer: What if we instead pointed to https://github.com/denoland/deployctl/blob/main/action/README.md and just mentioned making `main.ts` the entry point?

Author: lets do both!

Reviewer: 👍🏾

   When the action successfully completes, your app should be available on Deno
   Deploy.

### Deploying to Amazon Lightsail with Docker

[Docker](https://docker.com) makes it easy to deploy and run your Deno app to
any virtual private server. This section will show you how to do that with
[AWS Lightsail](https://aws.amazon.com/lightsail/).

> In order to deploy your Docker image to Amazon Lightsail you need to create an

Reviewer 2: Fixed in 07681c2
